BUG: fix reset password

instructors are not "enrolled" in their own courses - when you create a course, enroll the instructor
  - change list to particpants in course page and automatically enroll instructor
  - course index page should show partial description, # of students signed up and objectives

hitting `enter` in the password field should be the same as clicking the `Login` button.
login with email or username

DONE - main navbar
  DONE - catalog/my courses
  DONE - move new course out of dropdown
DONE - add course location/room
DONE - redesign course catalog page
DONE - course displays num of students
DONE - BUG: flashing enroll button on course show page
DONE - add objectives/competencies to courses
DONE edit objectives/compentencies to courses
DONE BUG: date picker icon is there when you are not the instructor - only instructor posts assignments
DONE BUG: when posting, it doesn't show up until refresh bc when we send back the ‘course’ object it doesn’t have the nested user subnode - add the currentUser as the ‘user’ subnode before pushing it into the array of ‘course.posts’ either on the server or the client
DONE email checkbox to send email to all particpants in a course
DONE clarification of assignment vs announcement when actually posting
DONE links not turning into urls

-----------------------------------------

hitting `enter` in the password field should be the same as clicking the `Login` button.
add gulp to minify all css and js

admins should be able to enroll students in courses

plan classes by objective
  - courses have class 
    - date/time (calendar stuff - set dates and times of classes)
    - class objectives

course-index is courses you can sign up for

create a "Product Team" that can be connected or independent from a course
Product Team has
  - user interviews
  - user narratives
  - user testing sessions
  - github link
  - live product link
  - evaluations
  - code reviews



-----------------------------------------

be able to log in with email (students could just log in with their MS/organization email and see the courseboard for MS/organization)
list students alphabetically?? list my courses alphabetically??
date picker left side numbers - what are these? (week in the year - get rid of this)
add admin so they can set all classes and assign instructors (i.e. at beginning of term) and remove setting instructor for all other accounts when creating courses
manage my courses as instructor
tags/categories for courses
flashy enroll button! - unenroll is very unintuitive
archiving courses
comments on posts
see courses you are an instructor for in left col (profile)
repeat a course? multiple start times? change the start time?
Credits for attending courses
Search

-----------------------------------------


Organizations
add personal objectives to user



DONE Courses CRUD
DONE Associate couress with user

User profile
DONE - see courses
DONE - see upcoming courses
DONE - see your past courses vs current courses

Course has
DONE - Enrolled students - "Enroll". Only enroll once. "Drop" a course
DONE - Instructor
DONE - Thumbnails
DONE - Start Date
DONE - Duration
DONE - End Date
DONE  - populating posts course.jade
DONE  - create posts from course.jade
DONE  - populate post on profile.jade

-----------------------------------------

GO LIVE

critical to mvp
DONE - remove splash page - go directly to course-index page  
DONE - upcoming courses in course-index
DONE - students link to their profiles - public profile
DONE - public vs. private - do you need to be logged in to see course details? user details? (No)
DONE - hide unenrole button (put in user-settings)
DONE - link to course in profile/posts
DONE - select instructor name to set instructor
DONE - only instructors can post assignments (w/ dueDate)
DONE - deleting posts
DONE - differentiate visually between announcements and assignments
DONE - posted by links to user profile
- emails...?
  DONE  - welcome email
  DONE - enroll-notification - instructor
  DONE - enroll-confirmation student
  - new-post - when a new post gets created by anyone (there a checkbox "update (email everyone)" sendEmail)
DONE - sticky footer
